it's fred today I'm going
show you the look owni pixi evan rachel
chose to boost cutting
his square and his blond very sweet maroney
and bright
I start with the cup Thursday empty the
hair in two ears by ear
I pay my hair in their graves
natural and I cut down cotinier
for the 101 must elevation
I am doing a central separation I am raising
hair at 90 degrees to the
skull
I sew pursuing the curvature of the
in the ear I take a
vertical separation and I lead the maj
to the top of the skull
finally on the edge I pay my hair
forward slightly I raise to 45
degrees and set set the perimeter in
using tai chi
now the sweep I'm going to use
two western the first mix too
volume and the second to 30 volumes for
have two different shades of whites
I divide the head into four parts and
prepare but separation I start with
the six volumes and takes sail from a
centimeter thick
I apply with a small brush
beveled by holding it vertically for
better penetrate the product
I create a melted stop about 3 cm
curious and protects the pathways connecting
quick wick
when I use the mixture of 30 volumes
by sailing on three I take off reveals
very fine of 2 mm maximum I rinse when
the sails also volumes have reached
wildlife enlightenment for angers i
make a light shampoo neutral for
eliminate residues
I go out I skate with dia wealth 7
8 or 15 volumes to soften the
demarcation by removing the ash aspect
and the natural base and nuanced the
lengths are the funds these five
minutes only to get a brown
bright very bright I pretend shampoos
and adapted care I show him how
her hair a natural brushing some
serum lice against the most for
discipline the hair and I spray the
bun crepe spray to create
the material a little fixed spray
antifreeze to fix the wick and
stop the
and here is the look pony pie xi and I
advises Stalin products that
I used to create the look at
she
thank you evan rachel and see you soon in
trade shows l'oréal professionnel